The documents which was...
That's an impression we can get against.
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm not going to point it out.
No, I'm not going to.
It's a request to the chair, and it's a very important moment to him.
It's a request of the chair that I'm now making.
I am making a request that someone from the FBI
be called to tell us whether or not
all of the language in the document I submitted yesterday is not identical
to the language in the document submitted to the military
with the exception of where we listed the name of an individual
and put the name word after the regulatory.
In some cases, not the regulatory, but the FBI, the FBI report.
Actuate, contains all the information.
I think we should ask Mr. Grover for one or another.
He would object to having put him in the record.
Mr. Recrucce, I'm making the chair.
I'm not finished with the chair.
I am making a request to the chair.
I have very important request.
The request is this.
We have a document here concerning forthmanment,
coming as a forthmanment.
I want them a warning to them.
I want them to know Mr. Chairman.
If the chair will not now call someone from the bureau
who can bring down the documents they have not for public exhibitions
and tell us whether or not the language,
all the language is not identical except that in this document
the individuals are merely named
and all security information is left out of this document
or in the FBI documents the security information is included.
The chair will suggest that the defendant will send some questions
to interrogate the witness, but he can say his time
and to whether he can provide that information
as possible and he can't.
Send them a question.
All right.
Our time will be gone.
Well, Mr. Chair.
I make a point of order that the document that is presented
to us here, which we have not read,
if any complies.
And it contains only three pages out of a 15 page document
and the best evidence is the document itself,
which is available unless it's prohibited for security reasons.
If it is prohibited by security reasons,
then these excerpt from it are not admissible at this hearing.
Yes, it is not prohibited.
Others are security orders and directives of the present.
Then the original document in the whole and complete
is the best evidence that should be produced.
How that form is determined.
So, yes, this document, that is, not identified
other than as containing some of the names
in some statements in the original document
as no place in these hearings until it is established
that the original document is not available
or if the security reasons that cannot be made available
then no part of it can be made available at this hearing.
If the Chair understands the suggestion that Senator Macellan
is this, that we have our council
undertakes to determine now from the Attorney General
whether we can have made available in 15G
and if so, we can then make our own comparison
as to whether or not the material is left out,
what is left out, what is retained,
and if we are not able to get to the 15G
and since they deal with identical subjects,
then none of the materials should be admitted
to security reasons.
That's correct.
I've heard that in my interpretation.
I do.
Good to put the Chairman.
And I'm going to crack the under-point of order.
Well, I agree with considerable cost the Senator Marken saw
has said.
I would say this, that I think it should be made clear
that we are not now requesting,
never have requested that the security information
about these specific individuals be made a part of a record
that is in line with the ruling of council, the Judencians.
I do think that the language of the law
is that language is correct and verbated
and I have every reason to believe it is.
That the language of the law,
contains nothing of a security nature,
except that it warns,
admonishes those who are the President of the letter.
I mean, let me make a fair distinction.
The letter I'm not as miserable.
The Chair has stated that must end our 15 pages
to submit the part of the record that none of us could.
I want to just agree with that, Mr. Chairman.
I think that you can delete,
as our family was deleted in this letter,
but these security reports me,
specific individuals,
the rest of the letter.
I think it's extremely important.
Chair, I'm ready to rule.
Unless he's willing to be upset by here,
calling down the committee,
he will rule that the council's whether committee
can seek from the Attorney General,
the permission suggested by Senator McLeod,
which has been resided by him and by the Chair.
Mr. Chairman, am I over the point of order?
You may make a point about it any time, Senator.
Not the committee has a responsibility,
in view of the fact that there is now,
I was introduced yesterday afternoon,
a letter which supports to have come from Mr. J. Hector Hoover,
and which we are now advised did not come from him,
does not this committee have a responsibility
to ask the Attorney General or somebody,
where that letter came from?
Mr. Hoover's name is being used,
and I take it from the witness that he,
that is Mr. Hoover, has denied the existence
of this letter, is that correct?
This letter is not a copy of any document prepared for the...
Well, one that he sent out,
I think the committee has a great response to the other year,
to determine where that letter came from.
I think I have a VHF request,
and it might well be a proper one,
but I think that we want to find out immediately.
If whether or not we have a letter,
or a letter and a memorandum,
the interoperative communication,
which is admissible, is evidence.
Mr. Hoover, you will determine that.
Point of order, Mr. Hoover.
I just get it available for evidence,
because it does not violate the order.
Point of order, Mr. Hoover.
That will be done, Mr. Hoover.
That will be done, you may take the wine of wine.
Point of order, Mr. Hoover.
The sheriff said that you had requested Mr. Brownell,
a commission to use the entire 15-page document.
I would like to ask the sheriff to request,
that if you cannot use the 15-page document,
I assume you will rule against you on that,
because it contains names of informants,
ask him whether or not you can use that portion of the document,
which was submitted yesterday.
Find out whether this is a verbatim,
copy of the FBI memorandum or letter.
And if so, for there's any objection
to the introduction of the part of the document,
omitting a name, which I submit against.
But it's very important.
Yes, it has been said that it's proper to find out whether we can include any or all,
or at least enough to determine whether or not that is a verbatim copy.
I'm Mr. Brownell.
Mr. Chairman.
Yes, I'm hearing whatever we can.
You can get evidence in this state.
Mr. Chairman, you have further point of order.
I have, Mr. Jackson, this way,
they completely fall asleep once he says that I represent yesterday.
So this came from Mr. Hoover.
I made it very clear that I have never received anything from Zedger Hoover,
that this was not for Zedger, Mr. Hoover.
Mr. Jackson knows that.
And I...
Why not?
I'm not saying that in a rejection,
if you said that they came from Mr. Hoover,
here's a letter for porting to come from Mr. Hoover.
It's signed by me.
Would you like to get the evidence on it before you make oil statement?
I'm not.
It's a committee, and certainly it was pretty clear from the testimony yesterday,
or the discussion here that this was a letter,
for porting to have been signed by Jay and Mr. Hoover.
Mr. Chairman, I think we ought to know what that is.
Mr. Jackson, Mr. Chairman,
and I think one of order, Mr. Jackson,
has had very deliberately the crazy impression that this did not come from Zedger Hoover.
I'm sure the evidence will show that this did come from Zedger Hoover,
and that there has been a middle from it.
That's true.
I would be saying with the testimony,
if you'd just taken up the testimony,
I would admit.
Mr. Chairman, I'm a rejection, as long as I testify,
I have got the corrective misdeeds.
He has testified, and you have testified,
and he has the money sent under oath,
and he tries to get the chance to proceed.
Well, Mr. Chairman, that's just a point of order, Mr. Chairman.
I want the records to show.
But on yesterday, so that we have clear the understanding
that you have made the choice to just, if you're willing to wait until you've ten minutes times,
because it will be just a minute to make sure.
I just want to make this point in connection with the point of order.
I really may hate to find a way.
But on page 1722 of the record of the yesterday,
I made this, I asked this question.
May I ask this question?
I'm a little confused.
This is a copy of a letter.
This is a statement.
1722.
This is a copy of a letter that is being introduced.
Now, that's quite clear.
I mean, I made that statement.
It wasn't denied.
Now, again, this is what Mr. Chancin said.
On page 1723, you know, were you reading the newspaper today?
Yes, I read what I said.
Now, I'm reading what Mr. Chancin said.
On page 1723, Mr. Chancin, I'm getting ready to.
I hold now on the basis of the copy of this letter,
on a assumption that no part of interest and no comp will be referred to a spurious manufacturer document,
that Senator McCarthy's property examination is a secretary with reference to this letter's holy comp.
And, again, on page 1724, Senator McCarthy said this.
I want to question the secretary as to whether or not the original of this and other letters like it are in his file.
And then, again, on page 1725, the record, this is what Senator McCarthy said.
If Mr. Welp is going to say, there is not a copy of this in the Army file he should be formed because that statement is uncruased.
Well, that's very clear cut, May I repeat that, Mr. Chancin?
This is the point of order, and the point is that the representation was made yesterday that this was not represented as a copy of the letter from Mr. Hoover.
This is Senator McCarthy's statement on page 1725.
If Mr. Welp is going to say, there is not a copy of this in the Army file, he should be formed because that statement is uncruased.
I have very much of my hands, with the same nature of his possession.
We have a document here which, according to all the information I have, is verified them.
The report is given from the FBI, should be in the Army file.
And I have sent it wire this morning to the Secretary asking for the...
The agenda, showing the derogatory material from each individual.
And I think it is important for Mr. Jackson not to make these statements, but to create these impressions, and he hasn't seen the letters.
If you would look at it, I'm sure we'll find that each and every word, I believe we'll find each and every word is identical.
So the original letter would be exception.
The fact that for our we list the names of Port Monmouth Employee.
The right to say further is list of the names of Port Monmouth Employee.
And the word derogatory is put after it.
In the FBI report, you will find the derogatory information, and perhaps the name is an informant.
If that were included in the letter, Mr. Chairman, then it would be objectionable.
We would be violating the rule by submitting a further committee.
That security information is not in the letter.
The meat of the letter is here, and I would suggest that we proceed now to examine this young man, so that he can give us a testimony for an article.
The chair was raised that he has already ruled that council is secure from the Attorney General.
The evidence which we can get, if available to us, which will determine.
The answer to the question is now being discussed under the guise of the point of order.
Once we get that evidence, certainly the documents before it can be compared and the facts spread out.
I suggest that in the comment you receive the question.
The due discuss with Mr. Hoover, or inquire of him how many copies of that 15 page memorandum was made.
The FBI presently had in its file the yellow file copy.
The original was sent to the general polling, and a carbon copy was sent to the general Carol.
To my knowledge, no other copy.
Well, did he state to use specifically whether any other copies were released or transmitted to anyone else at the time?
Yes, sir. The yellow copy indicated the distribution of all copies.
And the only distribution shown on the yellow copy was that the original was the general polling and a carbon copy went to general Carol.
And other distribution would be shown.
In other words, the records of the FBI according to Mr. Hoover indicate that there was only the original which went to general polling.
And the yellow carbon copy which was placed in the permanent FBI file.
That's correct. That is what the yellow shows.
I don't want to speak to Mr. Hoover as it may be that I think it's pretty important to find that out.
I'd like for you to inquire that the Hoover about that.
I'd like to trace this letter to this memorandum.
If this information that is alleged to be a part of that document,
did not come from Mr. Hoover, and no other letter was released, then the only source it could have come from,
was the security files of the Army.
Let me say again, Senator McClellan, that Mr. Hoover said that this was not a carbon copy or a copy of any communication.
I've spoken about the information in this document that has been presented to us.
It had to come from either.
The carbon copy and the FBI files are from the original. That went to the Army.
Okay.
The United States Air Force has made the copy.
All right.
I thought.
Senator Carter, you did not have opportunity to leave.
I'm a detective at the coffee in the FBI file.
Senator Gertan, I've personally avoided the exact same.
You would therefore have no opportunity to...
did not have opportunity and would not know whether language was identical insofar as the pages available are in terms.
Well, Mr. Hoover did say that it contains information relating to the same subject matter,
and that in some respects the exact language in both documents is the same.
That's all.
Introduction.
Well, in talking with Mr. Hoover, did he say that the two letters were similar?
That is, the one presented here yesterday, and the interdepartmental memorandum that they...
that is the FBI forwarded to the Army and the copy to the Air Force.
Or were they entirely different?
Well, I don't want to put words in his mouth.
He did not use the word similar.
No, but again, I'll use his language that in some respects the language in both documents is the same.
Well, in one case, if the three page letter, I believe, what is it?
It's two and one quarter pages, two and one quarter, and the other 15 pages.
Yes.
Well, is the letter that was presented to the committee yesterday,
a synopsis of the interdepartmental memorandum of the FBI's then?
Well, answer that question. I would have to characterize it myself.
If you want my characterization based on what my examination is.
Based on your conversation with Mr. Hoover.
Now, this is, understand, is my opinion. He does not make this statement,
and it's not to be attributed to him.
In the case of many ways, surely my statement.
It's my opinion that the document presented here yesterday is a summary of the 15 page document.
In the form of a letter.
In the form, the form has the thing which from the substance was materially changed.
Yes.
Well, the point is that it is represented that these two documents are the same.
Now, they contain the same language in some respects.
Yes, but I mean, I'm talking about throughout.
One, that's 15 pages.
I'll get tested if I did not have an opportunity to read the 15 pages.
I bet it's unfair to him to ask him to tell whether it's the same or not if it didn't read.
Well, I mean based on your conversation with Mr. Hoover if you can't answer it, you can't.
Well, they relate to the same substance matter.
That's what Mr. Hoover says.
They do relate to the same substance.
Mr. Chairman.
Can you tell me your point of order?
Yes, I'm point of order.
Mr. Backfield has stated that the qualification with the representative that this will be a carbon copy of the same.
It's even an examiner letter.
If you will find an page two to indicate in parentheses that security information is omitted in two different places.
And I think before the senator makes these statements, he should examine yesterday's documents unless he has the reluctance Mr. Stevens had to glance at it.
Well, I haven't had a chance to see a copy.
I let it with.
So, Mark, personal I believe and confidential on the envelope on the letter and it was suggested that the matter be first taken up with the FBI before we all start reading it.
I didn't read it.
Did Mr. Hoover indicate you were just a letter that was introduced to the President of the committee yesterday might have come from?
That was the first time, of course, that he ever saw.
And the only document in the bureau files is the carbon copy or the yellow copy of the 15 page memorandum.
This is not a copy of any document in the bureau file.
I saw.
Senator Fletcher.
Mr. Collier, did Mr. Hoover and his conversation with you state that it was possible that they could give a summary of the 15 page documents without having a copy in their file.
No, no, I would say that Mr. Hoover's search files had to file search and the only memorandum that was sent to General Bowling on that state was the 15 page memorandum.
And there is no other, there is no copy of this or anything like it in the bureau file.
The only thing is the 15 page interdepartmental memorandum that was sent to General Bowling and a carbon copy to General Keller.
Is my understanding of the set letter that you hold your hand?
It's not signed but it's tight.
Mr. Judge, the difference basically is that this is a form of a letter.
It starts out to the citation search and at the end, sincerely yours, Jay Etcher, Hoover Director.
Whereas the FBI original 15 page document was in the form of state January 26, 51, 2, Major General A.R. Bowling from John Etcher, Hoover Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Such a, that was that out. No signature appeared on that document. That is not a type of document, but his sign.
Did Mr. Hoover express you any interest of how that about that document?
No, sir, I merely talked to him concerning the facts as to whether or not this was authentic. I did not get an opinion from him on a dashboard, he didn't bother.
Now what if he expressed any opinion as to whether the Army or the Air Force who had, I assume, the large 15 page documents that they could have made a synopsis of the 15 page documents in the 2.5 page letter that you know I have.
And, and sent it out as a report from Jay, the Hoover.
I can say categorically that Mr. Hoover in my presence did not make any, thanks or any such a thing.
Thank you, sir.
Senator Simon, you do? Mr. Colleague, am I correct that Mr. Jay, Edgar Hoover has to, or suggested to this committee, that prior to the publication of this document,
that it be a, the matter be consulted with the Attorney General of the United States to see whether the publication of the document was in the interest of the security of the United States, lies correct, Senator Simon.
Mr. Chairman, I hope that we carry out the recommendation of Mr. Hoover in that regard prior to the release of the document.
Mr. Chairman, may I then say that I reemphasize that it be done, Mr. Chairman?
It will be done.
I'd like to point out, if I may, to the committee that yesterday, I made a notice of the fact that the document was not signed by Mr. Hoover.
One of the reasons for doing this is I received a great many documents, Mr. Hoover, during my term of office and the executive branch of the government.
I never received one in this form, that's all I have to do.
Senator Whiteback?
No enough about the particular FBI to know whether it has been customary when the Department of the Department of the United States is ready to have the director sign his name, or whether it's a name is merely typed by Mr. Nover.
I spent over 10 and a half years in the FBI, the last six I spent as an administrative capacity for writing such memorandum as this, so I have some knowledge of them.
The memorandum that was sent on January 26, 1951 is, as I said, an interdepartmental memorandum.
It does not only original carry any signature or any initials.
The yellow copy in the serial files does carry the signature of the person who actually prepared the memorandum, and detected it and detected it, as well as those approving that memorandum.
Now, in some instances, those go all the way to Mr. Hoover, and he personally, initials them in some instances when he is out of town on business, someone does it in his big hand.
But this memorandum, which I have in my hand, which is the one that's all in, is in the form of a letter, sir, and very true, it's in fairly yours, which would require then a signature of Jay at your Hoover.
And the memorandum is different from the form being used at that time.
The interdepartmental memorandum I had is the type that was and is then used by the FBI in corresponding with other government departments and agencies in general courts of existence.
Well, is this like the Murray or not for Mr. Hoover's design a carbon copy of a T-letter like that?
He would not sign the carbon copy of a letter, and it goes out over his signature and he would sign the original.
It would be like this, it would be like the Sonaga for our own flat-trust.
Mr. Calier, am I?
I do not know the order of President.
You will follow Mr. Welch.
I'm Mr. Smith, the chair of the committee of the President, Mr. Welch, with the first opportunity to question his book.
I would have the first opportunity to touch and mine.
This young man is called for the purpose of pressifying in regard to a document that my hand has introduced before I was...
Mr. Calier, you are correct, I have perfectly avoided it because it contains security information.
I don't know what your answer will be, but may I ask you to answer your question?
Mr. Calier, am I correct in thinking that you did not read the 15-page document in the file to the FBI?
You are correct, I have perfectly avoided it because it contains security information.
I don't know what your answer will be, but may I ask whether or not you read the short document about the actual question you in a moment?
It's been a little hard on Smith to carry it around all night, I have read it to some extent, however I will say truthfully that I have insofar as possible avoided reading the entire document.
I have merely read it with the idea of a centipede.
That Mr. Calier is because you are as sharply aware as I am that it is a crime to hand these documents around, is that right?
Well, at least I'm afraid sir, we'll have to be your characterization of my...
Well, you know if the crime to disclose this security information do you not?
I understand it, there is a quite eventual directive which requires all personnel to refrain from disclosing any information containing loyalty or security.
Dan, were you in the courtroom yesterday when I declined to read the letter?
Yes sir, and when Secretary Steven declined to read the letter?
Yes sir, and I have observed that of now so far as it was humanly possible for you to do so, you have declined to read the letter.
That's right, I have read it.
Would you hand me this hot document which I will not read?
I wish to call your attention only to what I saw yesterday.
You of course have read the address, haven't you?
Yes sir, I have read the address and all parts of the form rather than the substripe.
Now I think I will do no wrong in my reasoning heading, federal Bureau of Investigation.
January 26, 1951, are you following me, sir?
Then appears the words which I read yesterday and which psychos me so.
Personal and confidential be of the Ozon, is that right? That is correct.
And then this purported carbon copy of a letter has this appearing, major general bowling, a distant, deep, or fast-deaf who departed the Army worse than these, these, sir.
That is correct.
Now passing the body of it which is coming only to the conclusion, it appears that the bottom of it is in barely your comma and then tight in capital letters.
J. Edgar Hoover, director. Is that right?
That is correct.
Come into tenure as I understand your testimony.
This document that I hold in my hands is a carbon copy of pre-pricing nothing, is that right?
I will say it, Mr. Hoover, inform me that it is not a carbon copy of a memorandum prepared or sent by the FDA.
Let's have it straight from the shoulders. If I as you know, it's a carbon copy of pre-pricing nothing.
The far as I know it is yet, but that's again it.
And so far as you know this document in this courtroom, from yesterday by Senator McCarthy, is a perfect poem.
Is that right?
That is your conclusion. I will not say that well.
You just told us that it's a carbon copy of pre-pricing nothing.
I've said it, it's not a copy of a document in the FBI file.
And I will not say that it is a copy of nothing because if it was placed as a carbon there must have been an origin.
Well you would think so, but we can find no trace of an original canvas, not so yet.
Anywhere, no sir. And if no original of this document can be found,
would you go along with me there with my quainting wigs when I say it's a copy of pre-pricing nothing?
You're assuming that the original cannot be found.
My investigation yesterday was to determine whether this was an authentic document.
I have made no investigation to determine whether the original can be found or not.
It may be that it can be found.
Well you can't find a copy of it in the FBI place, can you?
No sir.
Now.
You do not own your investigation.
Like it out.
You are not as you sit in this chair in possession of a single fat,
which will allow you to believe that the documents which I now show you
is a copy of a carbon copy of any existing original letter.
I made an examination yesterday to determine whether this was a copy of a document prepared or sent to the FBI.
I have not.
Well have you any doubts, sir, that it was presented in this room as if it were?
I will never find really a proof of truth.
I do not now remember the...
Mr. Jenkins was handed a document which he believed to be a carbon copy of a letter?
Well I would be for Mr. Jenkins to say.
Well did you believe it was a carbon copy of a letter when you first heard it in this room?
It was referred to as a copy of a letter.
Yes.
And I observed it.
I can draw no further from this.
And now as you sit in this room, you are unable to tell us all the information you have been able to make last night.
you